Locations: Auckland | Auckland

Who We Are

Boston Consulting Group (BCG) partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. Today, we help clients with total transformation-inspiring complex change, enabling organisations to grow, building competitive advantage, and driving bottom-line impact.

Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives to spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting along with technology and design, corporate and digital ventures—and business purpose. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organisation, generating results that allow our clients to thrive.

Are you a natural problem solver with a passion for creating innovative solutions across diverse industries? Do you want to make a lasting impact?

BCG is seeking driven graduates to join our Auckland office as Associates in 2025 and 2026.

We welcome candidates from all backgrounds, whether you have consulting experience or not. At BCG, there's no "typical" profile for an Associate – we value talent, achievement, and the unique strengths you bring. Our team includes former doctors, lawyers, entrepreneurs, finance professionals, engineers, musicians, and research academics among our Australia and New Zealand offices.

What can a role at BCG offer you?


An opportunity to innovate and change: As a trusted advisor to the world's most influential businesses, governments, and non-profits, we have a legacy of developing game-changing ideas
Driving real impact from day one: With BCG's customised approach, ideas trump tenure. Our case teams take ideas from all levels in order to deliver breakthrough results to our clients
Strong investment in development and training: At BCG, we’ll arm you to take on any challenge you choose, inside or outside the firm, by providing you with the support, unsurpassed training and opportunities to enable you to become a leader responsible for real and lasting impact
Bespoke mentoring: We embed mentorship and apprenticeship throughout your time at BCG. You will have a support system of career development advisors, the guidance of project leaders, and partnership with your colleagues and teammates at every turn
Career Development: We are committed to your growth. As an Associate, you'll receive training, coaching, and mentorship to further develop your skills and expertise. At BCG you'll have the opportunity to explore new horizons and expand your potential.
A world of opportunities: With a myriad of mobility prospects, secondments, passion projects and a variety of social and cultural events at your fingertips, you’ll get the chance to take on dynamic opportunities inside and outside of case work.


Join Us: Ready to take the next step in your consulting career? Apply now to become an Associate at BCG and join a vibrant community of forward-thinkers and change-makers. Be part of a team that flourishes with challenge and collaboration, where your ideas are valued, and your potential is limitless. Together, let's create solutions and make a lasting impact on businesses and society.

What You'll Do

As a member of our consulting team, you’ll work alongside some of the world’s top minds on cases that reshape business, government, and society. You’ll collaborate on challenging projects with team members from many backgrounds and disciplines, increasing your understanding of complex business problems from diverse perspectives and developing new skills and experience to help you at every stage of your career—at BCG and beyond.

Consulting work is varied and rigorous, much of it performed at our client sites. Projects can vary in length, size, and location, depending on the client’s challenge. Given our global client base, you may also have the opportunity to travel internationally.

What You'll Bring

We see a degree as just the beginning and seek recent graduates from across a range of disciplines. Diverse perspectives, distinct points of view, and shared ambition are essential to life at BCG.

Your online application should include your cover letter, CV, and academic transcripts (uploaded as one pdf or Word document).

We want to get to know you, so please make sure you have information in your cover letter and CV about things you're passionate about and why BCG is a great career fit for you.

As a Guide, We'd Like To See Details About


Any work experience that you have had. We are seeking motivated individuals who can showcase a strong career trajectory and a high level of impact in the roles they have held – including retail, hospitality, or internships
Your extra-curricular activities, whether on campus or outside of university life. Have you played sports extensively, or are you involved in a hobby that takes up a lot of your time? We look for individuals who demonstrate impact and legacy, significant contribution, and high levels of commitment, initiative, and responsibility
Your academic credentials. For Associate applications, you should be in your final year of undergraduate or postgraduate studies or have already graduated from a degree with no more than 1-3 years of work experience
Australian or New Zealand citizenship, or Australian permanent residency.


Additional info

Diversity of thought, background, and experience is a core part of our BCG values and is key to delivering value to clients.

We are committed to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment where everyone feels valued, connected, and empowered to be themselves and contribute to their fullest potential.

Applications are encouraged from people of all backgrounds, including people of Aboriginal, Torres Strait Island, Māori or Pacific Island origin, individuals with a disability, those from culturally or linguistically diverse backgrounds, LGBTIQA+ individuals, women, and gender diverse individuals.

BCG’s efforts toward diversity, equity, and inclusion are recognised locally and globally: BCG Australia and New Zealand hold a WGEA Employer of Choice for Gender Equality citation and are awarded the Australian Workplace Equality Index Silver award for LGBTQIA+ inclusion.

We want to make sure everyone experiences a positive, barrier-free recruiting process. Please reach out to our Talent Acquisition team via recruitmentinANZ@bcg.com at any stage if you require additional support or adjustments to assist you with your experience, including support in submitting your application, providing identity documents, attending a job interview. This includes any specific support for transgender and gender-diverse individuals.

Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under national, provincial, or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws.

BCG is an E - Verify Employer. Click here for more information on E-Verify.
Show more 